10000;The Night Before;6;Comedy;2015/11/20;Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Seth Rogen, Anthony Mackie;Jonathan Levine;Ethan (Joseph Gordon-Levitt), Isaac (Seth Rogen) and Chris (Anthony Mackie) have been friends since childhood, and for a decade, their yearly Christmas Eve reunion has been an annual night of debauchery and hilarity. Now that they’re entering adulthood, the tradition is coming to an end, and to make it as memorable as possible, they set out to find the Nutcracka Ball – the Holy Grail of Christmas parties.
10001;The Reef 2;3;Animation;2019/09/27;Audrey Wasilewski, Rob Schneider, Jack Mullins;Mark A.Z. Dippe, Taedong Park;Trained in the skills of sea power, Pi the fish can fight a shark, sink a squid or batter any random predator that ever threatens his friends and neighbors on the reef. Unfortunately, being the only hero in town can take its toll, especially when a group of sharks declares that the end of the reef is soon at hand.
10002;Old;0;Thriller;2021/10/05;Gael Garcia Bernal, Vicky Krieps, Rufus Sewell;M. Night Shyamalan;Visionary filmmaker M. Night Shyamalan unveils a chilling, mysterious new thriller about a family on a tropical holiday who discover that the secluded beach where they are relaxing for a few hours is somehow causing them to age rapidly ... reducing their entire lives into a single day.
10003;No Time To Die;7;Action;2021/11/09;Daniel Craig, Rami Malek, Léa Seydoux;Cary Joji Fukunaga;Daniel Craig returns one last time as James Bond, starring alongside OSCAR-winner Rami Malek in "No Time To Die." Bond has left active service and is enjoying a tranquil life in Jamaica. However, his peace is short-lived when his old friend. Felix Leiter (Jeffrey Wright) from the CIA turns up asking for his help. The mission to rescue a kidnapped scientist turns out to be far more treacherous than expected, leading Bond onto the trail of a mysterious villain armed with a dangerous new technology.
10004;The Observers2;6;Documentary;2021/11/16;Luis Elizondo, Jimmy Church, Richard M. Dolan;Roger R. Richards;Filmed during the release of the much anticipated 2021 UAP report, The Observers is a mind altering timely comprehensive conversation that plumbs the depths of the UFO phenomenon and asks the hard questions at the heart of this global enigma.
10005;Spencer;1;Drama;2021/11/23;Kristen Stewart, Timothy Spall;Pablo Larraín;The marriage of Princess Diana and Prince Charles has long since grown cold. Though rumors of affairs and a divorce abound, peace is ordained for the Christmas festivities at the Queen’s Sandringham Estate. There's eating and drinking, shooting and hunting. Diana knows the game. But this year, things will be profoundly different. SPENCER is an imagining of what might have happened during those few fateful days.
10006;Despicable Me 2;0;Comedy;2013/11/25;Pierre Coffin, Steve Carell, Russell Brand;Pierre Coffin, Chris Renaud;Stay tuned after the credits for 30 + minutes of FUN EXTRAS! Includes an ALL-NEW MINI-MOVIE, starring the minions, plus 6 bonus featurettes and a deleted scene. Gru, his adorable girls, and the mischievous Minions are back with a cast of unforgettable new characters in the blockbuster sequel to the worldwide phenomenon. Just as Gru has given up being super-bad to be a super-dad, the Anti-Villain League recruits him to track down a new criminal mastermind and save the world. Partnered with secret agent Lucy Wilde, Gru, along with the wildly unpredictable Minions, must figure out how to keep his cover while also keeping up with his duties as a father. Assemble the Minions for laugh-out-loud comedy in "one of the funniest, most enjoyable movies ever!"
10007;Really Love;11;Romance;2021/11/23;Kofi Siriboe, Yootha Wong-Loi-Sing, Uzo Aduba;Angel Kristi Williams;Set in contemporary Washington D.C., a rising black painter strives to break into the competitive art world, while balancing a bittersweet romance he never expected.
10008;Ghostbusters: Afterlife;5;Thriller;2021/11/19;Marlon Kazadi, Sydney Mae Diaz, Carrie Coon;Jason Reitman;From director Jason Reitman and producer Ivan Reitman, comes the next chapter in the original Ghostbusters universe. In Ghostbusters: Afterlife, when a single mom and her two kids arrive in a small town, they begin to discover their connection to the original ghostbusters and the secret legacy their grandfather left behind.
10009;Thomas & Friends;6;Animation;2014/10/14;Martin T. Sherman, Tom Stourton;David Stoten, Don Spencer;Thomas and his friends are in holly, jolly Christmas spirits, ready to be Santa's engine helpers! Percy brings holiday fun to Reg at the scrapyard, while Duncan tries to overcome his bah humbug attitude. Thomas clears the snowy tracks so Connor can race passengers home in time for the holidays. James causes confusion and delay helping Duck get unstuck, as an old friend returns to Sodor bringing Percy the perfect gift. Join Thomas & Friends as they deliver holiday cheer!
10010;The Martian;0;Science Fiction;2015/12/14;Matt Damon, Jessica Chastain, Kristen Wiig, Jeff Daniels;Ridley Scott;From legendary director Ridley Scott (Alien, Prometheus) comes a gripping tale of human strength and the will to survive. During a mission to Mars, American astronaut Mark Watney (Matt Damon) is presumed dead and left behind. But Watney is still alive. Against all odds, he must find a way to contact Earth in the hope that scientists can devise a rescue plan to bring him home.
10011;Befikre;2;Romance;2016/12/30;Ranveer Singh, Vaani Kapoor;Aditya Chopra;Befikre is a story that celebrates being carefree in love. A quintessential Delhi boy Dharam (Ranveer Singh) comes to Paris for work in search of an adventure. Just when he was about to embark on this journey of his life he bumps into a wild, free spirited, French born Indian girl Shyra (Vaani Kapoor).
10012;The Search for General Tso;1;Documentary;2014/12/08;Jennifer 8. Lee, Ed Schoenfeld, Michael Tong;Ian Cheney;This mouthwateringly entertaining film travels the globe to unravel a captivating culinary mystery. General Tso's chicken is a staple of Chinese-American cooking, and a ubiquitous presence on restaurant menus across the country. But just who was General Tso? And how did his chicken become emblematic of an entire national cuisine? Director Ian Cheney (King Corn) journeys from Shanghai to New York to the American Midwest and beyond to uncover the origins of this iconic dish, turning up surprising revelations and a host of humorous characters along the way. Told with the verve of a good detective story, The Search for General Tso is as much about food as it is a tale of the American immigrant experience.
10013;Halo: Nightfall;5;Science Fiction;2015/02/24;Steven Waddington, Siennah Buck, Mike Colter;Sergio Mimica-Gezzan;Set between the events of Halo 4 and Halo 5: Guardians, Halo: Nightfall tells the dramatic story of legendary manhunter Jameson Locke (Mike Colter) and his team as they are caught in a horrific biological attack while investigating terrorist activity on the distant colony world of Sedra. Led by Locke, agents from the Office of Naval Intelligence (ONI) are forced to coordinate with a Sedran commander with a remarkable history and deep-rooted mistrust of ONI. As the plot unravels, they’re drawn to an ancient, hellish artifact where, forced to fight for their survival, they begin to question everything and, ultimately, have to choose between their loyalties and their lives
10014;The Suicide Squad;5;Action;2021/09/06;Margot Robbie, Idris Elba, John Cena;James Gunn;Welcome to hell—a.k.a. Belle Reve, the prison with the highest mortality rate in the US of A. Where the worst Super-Villains are kept and where they will do anything to get out—even join the super-secret, super-shady Task Force X. Today’s do-or-die assignment? Assemble a collection of cons, including Bloodsport, Peacemaker, Captain Boomerang, Ratcatcher 2, Savant, King Shark, Blackguard, Javelin and everyone’s favorite psycho, Harley Quinn. Then arm them heavily and drop them (literally) on the remote, enemy-infused island of Corto Maltese.  The Squad is on a search-and-destroy mission with only Colonel Rick Flag on the ground to make them behave…and Amanda Waller’s government techies in their ears, tracking their every movement. And as always, one wrong move and they’re dead (whether at the hands of their opponents, a teammate, or Waller herself). If anyone’s laying down bets, the smart money is against them—all of them.
